Add security releases to the patch calendar (#7003)
magento/devdocs: src/release/index.md

## Patch schedule

Magento releases security and functional patches for each supported release line of {{site.data.var.ee}} every quarter.

Security releases provide fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in previous quarterly patch releases. You can install time-sensitive security fixes without applying the hundreds of functional fixes and enhancements that a full quarterly patch release contains. These releases are appended with `-p1`.

> For general information about security releases, see [Introducing the New Security-only Patch Release](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/Introducing-the-New-Security-only-Patch-Release/ba-p/141287). For instructions on downloading and applying security patches, see [Install Magento using Composer](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/install-gde/composer.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For general information about security releases, see [Introducing the New Security-only Patch Release](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/Introducing-the-New-Security-only-Patch-Release/ba-p/141287). For instructions on downloading and applying security patches, see [Install Magento using Composer]({{site.baseurl}}/guides/v2.3/install-gde/composer.html).
```
